[Music]
hi there for most of us flying economy
seems the most reasonable choice indeed
why pay more for just a few additional
inches of space and a little broader
menu turns out there's much more you
might be missing out on stay with me to
know the differences and also learn a
few secrets to get cheap business class
tickets get comfier in premium economy
flying basic economy you have to deal
with cramped space and if you're so
unlucky as to sit in the middle seat ooh
premium economy rid you of several
problems at once first you get to board
the airplane and get off at the
destination among the first secondly you
have more legroom and a reclining seat
that will not disturb your neighbors
behind you add to that your personal
entertainment system and improved meals
and the additional cost which is
sometimes double that of basic economy
will be more than justified especially
on long-haul and overnight flights more
space for a few extra bucks well if you
don't quite feel like splurging there's
an intermediate option on many airlines
called Economy Plus with this type of
ticket you get the same level of service
as other basic economy passengers but
you'll certainly be glad to have those
extra inches of legroom as well as seat
recline in some airlines even offer
additional perks more commonly reserved
for Premium Economy such as priority
boarding or meal preferences
dream flight with business class
business class will cost you a hefty sum
about five times more than economy on
average but it's well worth the money it
starts even before the flight proper you
get a separate lounge where you can wait
and comfort get free food and drinks and
even sleep in a real bed if you like
onboard business class passengers are
also separated from those less fortunate
sitting comfy flat beds and basically
get whatever their heart desires
exquisite meals luxury entertainment and
full service team of their own if you
want to fly with fanfare then it's
first-class now this is undoubtedly the
costless way to travel and the most
luxurious to be sure everything you may
imagine is available to first-class
passengers including their personal
coach to and from the plane in a premium
class car - of course plus all the
amenities of the business class
passengers
sometimes first-class even get round
tables and their own bar as well as
Wi-Fi but there's one pretty big however
here business and first-class aren't
that different business class is quickly
becoming so luxurious that many airlines
have been rejecting their first-class
seats and lounges altogether the level
of comfort also depends on the airline
some business offers are so tempting
compared to other airline's first-class
that it's hard to imagine why anyone
would pay more for the latter and the
price difference is quite dramatic if
business class costs five to nine times
the economy flight first class is
usually twice that amount private is
always better though if you're a
business person no level of comfort
equals absolute privacy and that you can
achieve by hiring a private jet there
you'll not only be able to fly in
complete absence of strangers but you
also won't need to arrive to the airport
hours before your flight the crew will
be waiting only for you so you can come
ten minutes before departure and still
be on time
and on board there will be a whole
luxury apartment for you of course this
comes for an exorbitant amount of money
but the good thing is private can be
cheaper too when hiring a jet of your
own you paying that per person but for
the whole plane so if you're traveling
with partners you can share the ride and
that might come off even cheaper than
paying for a business class ticket on
that note remember I promised some tips
to buy those tickets at a bargain price
here they are one don't book them in
advance you probably know there are
certain days when ticket prices are the
lowest and you can be tempted to buy a
business-class ticket then and there but
don't the cost will still be several
times higher than coach on the same day
if you have the opportunity better wait
until the last day and buy a ticket when
online check-in is already in progress
most airlines if they've still got
unoccupied business class seats by that
time would lower the price significantly
to get passengers there so use your
chance to make use of your frequent
flyer miles if you have a credit card
that offers you to earn miles why not
use them to travel in style make your
purchases like you normally would with
that card and check your mile balance
regularly once you have enough on your
account to buy a ticket just go for it
or you can buy two tickets at the cost
of a single one if you're not flying
alone which is also pretty nice just
don't let the miles go stale or they
will expire three upgrade instead of
going big even with the airline loyalty
programs frequent flyer miles add up
pretty slowly so in most cases you'd be
better off upgrading your regular coach
ticket to business class instead of
buying at full price of course that will
require paying for the economy flight
first but the cost of upgrade without
the miles would still be quite high so
it's more than a nice trick
for get a dedicated credit card most
banks offer credit cards that earn you
flyer miles but those might do it at a
too relaxed pace to get the most out of
that piece of plastic
get yourself a card associated with the
airline of your choice it will often
give you a greeting bonus enough to
cover half a round-trip in first-class
across the Atlantic five spend don't fly
flying proper is in fact the slowest way
to earn miles by using your credit card
for regular purchases you'll learn much
more bonuses also if you own an elite
card those usually require you to spend
a certain amount per month
the miles earned will run up really
briskly combined with your dedicated
airline card bonuses you'll get the
necessary amount for your business or
first-class flight in no time six
purchase the mileage if you feel that
you can't spend so much as to earn
enough miles in time before they expire
just buy them it's always easier to
spend small amounts at your own pace
than to shell out the whole not so
modest sum for the ticket also airlines
might offer good deals on miles so you
can save some pretty good money if
you're attentive enough 7 go all in if
you don't mind some game of chance
purchase an economy ticket and go to the
airport at the designated time to check
in at the desk or even at the gate ask
the employees if there's an option to
upgrade to business class should there
be any unoccupied seats they will most
likely agree to promote your ride at a
reduced rate this trick doesn't involve
any freebies you can use but it still
cuts the final cost almost in half eight
just ask once again buy a coach ticket
but make sure you have a seat in the
front of the cabin once you hear the
door going shut look forward at the
business class compartment if you see
vacant seats there ask your flight
attendant whether they could allow you
to move there instead of economy chances
are especially if you've been polite and
at least smiled and said hello
boarding they'll readily assure you to
business class for no additional cost
whatsoever a people skills are always
the thing hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life